EDU-17285 - Delivery Promise Badges (Store Framework) (#2724)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/Search/setting-up-delivery-promise-components.md

The shipping method facet appears only when `showShippingMethodFacet` is enabled. The options listed match `availableShippingValues` when you set it, or fall back to the default set when the prop is not provided. Other Delivery Promise-related facets continue to behave as usual.

### Step 4 - Displaying availability badges on product shelves

> To display availability badges on product cards on shelves and search results, configure the [Availability Badges](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/apps/vtex.delivery-promise-components/AvailabilityBadges) component as follows. These badges show delivery and pickup availability for each product based on the buyer's location.

Author: ```suggestion
To display availability badges on product cards in shelves and search results, configure the [Availability Badges](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/apps/vtex.delivery-promise-components/AvailabilityBadges) component as described below. These badges indicate each product’s delivery and pickup availability based on the buyer’s location.
```

> Since you have already added the `delivery-promise-components` app to your theme dependencies in `manifest.json`, as described in [step 2](#step-2---displaying-a-location-selector), declare the `availability-badges` block as a child in your product summary component.

Author: ```suggestion
Since you have already added the `delivery-promise-components` app to your theme dependencies in `manifest.json`, as described in [step 2](#step-2-displaying-a-location-selector), declare the `availability-badges` block as a child in your product summary component.
```
